Getting all the configurations of all your functions with A W-S is also very simple.
And let's see how we can do that and to do that.
I'm defining another method I'll say get all functions and I'm not going to pass in this time because
all I have to do is get all the functions not a specific function.
So I'll say and let's just fix that typo there.
When the client and I'm going to call list functions.
All right.
That's all I have to do.
So let's just go down and call this method with wrapped around as a print statement and I'll say get
all functions.
All right.
So I'm just going to go and hit Grun.
And here we go.
And as you can see if we scroll down a little bit we have all of our functions on dirty functions indicator
are key in this case.
And within that array read how all of our functions we have as the first function our Java lambda function
and then if we go and scroll down a little bit more we have our Python and the function.
And if we scroll down a little bit we will see that we are No.
Yes lambda function.
So this is basically how you can get all the configurations of for all of your lambda functions on a
US account and it is very straightforward as you can see.